you guys have this concept of grooming
right but that requires you have sex
with somebody right after they turn 18
they still have not been slept with and
they've been at an adult for many months
and they've been around us multiple
times nobody slept with them
we did not groom anyone as they would
have been bedded by now if that were the
case anyway that's not really the point
of this video which is that we have not
slept with this person
the last person we slept with was our ex
who we haven't dated for like two years
very long time ago like since like right
after Trump was elected that's the last
time we were in a poly relationship we
actually slept with someone so you guys
are wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
whatever we do with our future is our
business if we want to sleep with a nine
year old woman we can sleep at the 90
year old woman if I want to make love to
your favorite youtuber and they love me
back that's my business
you know so long as they're an adult and
that's just the thing you guys have this
concept of grooming right but that
requires you have sex with somebody and
right after they turn 18 let's do the
truth table here for P implies P or Q
it's okay so I've got my different
possible truth values for the statement
P or Q recall that the statement P or Q
is true if either one or both of the
statements are true we paid an actor to
pretend to be a child to lure this
predator into the house all the
instances we had on this show this
youtuber was the easiest one to catch
[Music]
your bet okay yes when I beneath the odd
and I don't care about the law or basic
moral people think that we slept with
this girl that we've known for some time
and we haven't so you have no
eyewitnesses no no anything no
indicators or whatever there was a guy
who came out and assumed and I was like
no we're know or not and that was the
end of it you know you guys have this
concept of grooming right but that
requires you have sex with somebody
right after they turn 18 and the person
you guys are talking about has been 18
for a while and they've hung out with in
multiple times we never had sex with
them we never made out with him or
whatever as an adult and and prior never
[Music]
Heather where's the little girl I wanna
be under a minute I'm see show we should
be out in a minute
oh are you like her pimp
sort of cool I you know I try not to
judge too much unless it's the internet
that I judge everyone like precious
little baby girl absolutely yeah
yes I can tell in fact the entire
American viewing public can tell you
know why because your own inicio
you know that I am oniisan mm-hmm and
you somehow know that I'm totally super
attracted to twelve-year-olds everybody
knows in order to have a crime you need
often a victim and some kind of proof
and the vids who have actually happened
the real point of this video is that
this is the last time I'm talking about
any of this I'm not gonna talk about
that person that people are talking
about do we still haven't done anything
with and they're they're an adult you
know and I cannot say this enough if I
sleep with Gerard Way and will not make
it your business because it's not your
business okay if I sleep with an adult
it's not your business
but I will tell you that I have not
slept with anyone or as my spouse slept
with anyone since our X which was two
years ago well in the first row they're
both false so P or Q will be false but
in the second row Q is true so that or
statement will be true in the third row
P is true so the or statement will be
true and in the fourth row well they're
both true now we have to think about P
implies P or P n excuse me P implies P
or Q it's the only time it's false
because if P is true and the statement R
is false that's when we say that that
implication is false if at any point we
want to date whoever we want if I wanted
to date my uncle it's my business pretty
sure I can legally date my uncle that's
really gross though but we did not groom
anyone as they would have been bedded by
now if that were the case
you don't understand that this is a
crime do you so I know I noticed you
have a cameraman here you're filming
this do I get to pay for the point when
it's done so I can touch myself both
later there's a SWAT member outside
oh is he gonna join so we can like have
some kind of trinity polyamorous gang
yeah you guys go after me who never
slept with this person you're talking
about
especially right after they turn became
an adult you know they still have not
been slept with and they've been at an
adult for many months and they've been
around us multiple times nobody slept
with them shirt get on the ground
oh what's this huh you gonna shoot me
get on the ground get on the ground you
know the song don't you get on the
ground last time get on the ground
[Music]
come on honey it's all right it's okay
now sir 11 you said huh
[Music]